_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

# Welcome! 👋

Hello! I am Kong Mingze, currently a final-year undergraduate student in **Data Science** at Lanzhou University. I am also working as a Research Assistant at [The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen](https://cuhk.edu.cn/en), under the supervision of [Prof. Zhongxiang Dai](https://daizhongxiang.github.io/). Feel free to reach out to me via email: [mingzekong@cuhk.edu.cn](mailto:mingzekong@cuhk.edu.cn).

## Research Interests
- **🤖 Large Language Model (LLM) Agents**: Investigating how LLMs can act as decision-makers and reasoners in diverse and complex tasks.
- **🎰 Multi-Armed Bandit (MAB) Problems**: Passionate about advancing both the theoretical foundations and data-driven algorithmic applications of MAB frameworks, focusing on efficient exploration-exploitation trade-offs in uncertain and dynamic environments.
- **📊 Mathematical Optimization and Decision Theory**: Leveraging optimization techniques and probabilistic reasoning to enhance the performance and robustness of machine learning algorithms.

Thank you for visiting my academic homepage!

Commit message:

Clean up navigation and update research interests
- Remove unused navigation items (Talks, Teaching, Portfolio, Blog Posts, Guide)
- Keep only Publications and CV in navigation
- Change GitHub username back to kongmingze
- Update Research Interests: Multi-Agent Systems, LLM Agents, RL, MAB

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

# Welcome! 👋

Hello! I am Kong Mingze, currently a final-year undergraduate student in **Data Science** at Lanzhou University. I am also working as a Research Assistant at [The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen](https://cuhk.edu.cn/en), under the supervision of [Prof. Zhongxiang Dai](https://daizhongxiang.github.io/). Feel free to reach out to me via email: [mingzekong@cuhk.edu.cn](mailto:mingzekong@cuhk.edu.cn).

## Research Interests

- **🤖 Multi-Agent Systems**: Exploring coordination, communication, and collaboration mechanisms among multiple intelligent agents to solve complex tasks in dynamic environments.
- **🧠 Large Language Model (LLM) Agents**: Investigating how LLMs can act as autonomous decision-makers and reasoners, enabling them to plan, execute, and adapt in diverse real-world scenarios.
- **🎮 Reinforcement Learning (RL)**: Developing algorithms that enable agents to learn optimal policies through interaction with environments, with a focus on sample efficiency and generalization.
- **🎰 Multi-Armed Bandit (MAB) Problems**: Advancing both theoretical foundations and practical applications of bandit algorithms, focusing on efficient exploration-exploitation trade-offs in uncertain and dynamic environments.

Thank you for visiting my academic homepage!
